The Truth About Learning Symbol Systems 1 All knowledge is
essentially a series of symbol systems 2 The illusion of
difficulty traps 3 What how why only how is what
you need to learn and learning how requires rote memorization
4 Rote memorization is the hard work of learning 5
Repetition in abundance solidifies neural connections 6 Sufficient repetition i-
n
a short period 7 If I don't learn this thing
I'll be at a disadvantage 8 The so-called effort is
nothing more than finding ways to achieve sufficient repetition in
a short period and if either short or sufficient is
not done then it's not enough effort 9 Clear definitions
with no ambiguity